then you can practice a leapfrog version
of the pentatonic scale
it sounds very easy but you have to get
used to it over the course of time it'll
be very easy for you as the sound of the
thing gets into your head you won't be
playing wrong notes because whatever you
start to do anything like this you're
going to make mistakes so don't be
discouraged just because I do it so
easily and because I've been playing
this stuff for you know I told you I'm
94 so it's been Oh 78 78 years I guess
I've been playing harmonica so
so that's like old guitar guitar lick
just running up and down the pentatonic
scale you can do no wrong every note is
right this is very very valuable thing
to practice because not only does it
work for country music and for some
blues but it also works for for fusion
music for Latin music for jazz for rock
and roll and Chinese music it works for
tons of different kinds of music so
getting comfortable with the pentatonic
scale and the key of G is a really
important thing to do